fixes to TS WF (#1228)
temporalio/documentation: docs/typescript/how-to-define-workflow-parameters-in-typescript.md

  - typescript
---

> You can define and pass parameters in your Workflow. In this example, you'll define your arguments in your `client.ts` file and pass those parameters to `workflow.ts` through your Workflow function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define and pass parameters in your Workflow. In this example, you define your arguments in your `client.ts` file and pass those parameters to `workflow.ts` through your Workflow function.
```

> Start a Workflow with the give parameters in the `client.ts` file. In this example we use set the `name` parameter to `Temporal` and `born` to `2019`. Then set the Task Queue and Workflow Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start a Workflow with the parameters that are in the `client.ts` file. In this example we set the `name` parameter to `Temporal` and `born` to `2019`. Then set the Task Queue and Workflow Id.
```
I'm kinda guessing on my edit to the first sentence.

`client.ts`

```typescript
import { example } from './workflows';

> await client.start(example, {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

...
await client.start(example, {
```

> import { example } from ‘./workflows’;
> await client.start(example, {
>   args: [{ name: ‘Temporal’, born: 2019 }],
>   taskQueue: ‘my-queue’,
>   workflowId: ‘business-meaningful-id’,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { example } from './workflows';
await client.start(example, {
  args: [{ name: 'Temporal', born: 2019 }],
  taskQueue: 'my-queue',
  workflowId: 'business-meaningful-id',
```

});
```

> In `workflows.ts` define the type of the parameter that the Workflow function takes in. The `interface` `ExampleParam` is a name we can now use to describe the requirement in the previous example. It still represents having the two properties called `name` and `born` that is of the type `string`. Then define a function that takes in ta parameter of the type `ExampleParam` and return a `Promise<string>`. The `Promise` object represents the eventual completion, or failure, of `await client.start()` and its resulting value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `workflows.ts` define the type of the parameter that the Workflow function takes in. The interface `ExampleParam` is a name we can now use to describe the requirement in the previous example. It still represents having the two properties called `name` and `born` that is of the type `string`. Then define a function that takes in a parameter of the type `ExampleParam` and return a `Promise<string>`. The `Promise` object represents the eventual completion, or failure, of `await client.start()` and its resulting value.
```
